For this challenge, you should deploy a simple "hello-world" static website on Azure following these requirements:

-   The final website should be a blank page displaying the string "Hello $GREETING_NAME!", accessible to everyone via the Internet. You can use the default URL generated by Azure. The $GREETING_NAME variable is a placeholder to be specified during deployment, as explained below.
-   You should create a dedicated GitLab or GitHub repository where all the work will be carried out and which contains all the necessary files to start/create the website. Then, please send us a ZIP file with all the files in the repository, and additionally, a link to it.
-   The deployment should be on Azure, using CI/CD pipelines; this means configuring a .gitlab-ci.yml (GitLab) or a .github/workflows/ YAML file (GitHub) that calls the appropriate az commands in the necessary job(s) to set up and run the website.
-   Correctly set all password/secret variables needed to connect to Azure in GitLab/GitHub.
-   Define a GREETING_NAME variable in the repository to be read during deployment and replaced in the HTML code of the page.
-   Use any Azure service for the deployment: a Docker container, a VM, a Web App, etc. Provide all the necessary files used in each case.
-   Write a proper README.md in the repository explaining all components, usage details, and the pipeline/deployment process for a technically savvy user with no practical experience in Cloud and DevOps technologies.
-   Optional: When the website is deployed, create a PHP info page accessible from the Internet.
-   Optional, BONUS: Create a branch of the repository implementing a LLM chat feature. You can use any HTML chat template and call an API to any LLM/Chatbot service available (e.g., OpenAI).

Some caveats:

-   If you don't have a personal account with any of the mentioned services, please create a free-tier account for this task. If you prefer to use other equivalent services that you are comfortable with, feel free to do so.
-   The challenge should be completed in a few hours, and you can use any tools and materials needed.
-   The goal is to demonstrate practical experience with Cloud and DevOps technologies. If you prefer to skip some requirements and add new features, feel free to do so, but justify this in our next interview. If you complete only a fraction of what was asked, we will still value and evaluate your effort.
-   We will evaluate key skills needed for your daily job: technical know-how (hands-on Cloud understanding, clean coding, etc.), and your writing and communication skills on technical topics (we continuously interact with users to explain technical implementations).
